For me, making my experience and
everything better makes me happy,
that's what I like.
I like to find out new ways to be able
to program, to make things better.
I like trying out new languages cuz
it changes the way I look at things.
Oddly enough, I know this is gonna
sound completely just insane, but
I actually had a ton of fun learning
how to program emojilang, yes.
I learned how to program emojilang,
I know what this file actually does.
And there's actually super cool concepts
specifically in emojilang that you just
wouldn't get somewhere else.
I know that sounds completely, it just
sound a little crazy, but honestly,
it's really interesting look that
emojilang even asked right here.
That's lion stands for sort, sort
collection left with closure that takes a,
b, a-b, look at that, that's just
like your Javascript.sort with a- b,
the same thing, right?
I just love this kind of
perspective of it, and
it has this slightly unique perspective
about optionals and air objects.
And it was just fun, it's fun,
I just enjoy doing the dumb things,
cuz I like to learn about things, and even
when it provides me absolutely nothing.
It's still something for me to look at and
see a new way to solve problems,
and it's just like the joy of
it is the reason why I do it.
It's not just simply to get a task done.
I think that's a very important
difference, getting tests done, obviously,
very important,
that's why I optimize to be fast.
But the whole point is not simply to be
at the end, it's to both do the walk and
get to the end.
And I will never say, you'll never hear
me say, the journey is better than
the destination,
cuz that's a horrible life outlook.
Let me just correct it right now,
the journey can be important, but
it's not as good as the destination, cuz
that means you're always going downhill,
don't live that life.
The destination has to, in fact,
be better than the journey, or
else you will always have nothing to
look forward to, don't forget that.
Don't let anyone be
bamboozle you on that one.
All right, an important note,
the most important thing about this course
is not to do what I do, but
to do what you want to do.
You saw how I approached it, hopefully you
went, hey, I could change it like this,
or, hey, I would much rather do
it this completely different way.
Hopefully I just gave you the keys to go,
I can do anything.
That's really the goal of the course,
is to show that
your dev setup is better than mine because
it's for you, it's not for me, and
just like mine is better than
yours because it's for me, right?
That's why I intentionally
titled it this way.
Is because that's how I think, is that
mine is better because it's been built
only for me, I didn't think about you.
I'm sorry, Dapper,
I didn't think about you, buddy.
This is just what I built it for,
I built it for me, and that's it.
And that is, in fact,
the end of this course.
>> Students: [APPLAUSE]
>> ThePrime agen: The end.